Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-itp-115-programming-in-python
<br>
ITP 115 – Programming in Python p. 1 of 5Assignment 3 – Pig Elvish and Largest NumberGoals• For loops• While loops• String processing and manipulationPart 1 – Igpén Lvísheá (Pig Elvish)• Backgroundo Pig Elvish is a gibberish (made-up) language similar to Pig Latin, butdesigned to sound like the Elvish language spoken by the Elves in Lord of theRings. (example of Elvish)o To “translate” an English word into Pig Elvish, follow these rules (adaptedfrom this site):1. Take the first letter of the word and move it to the end of the word2. If the word is four letters or more, append a random vowel to the endof the word (aeiou)3. If the word is three letters or fewer, append “en” to the end of theword4. Change all k’s to c’s5. If there is an e at the end of the word, replace it with ë (e with anumlaut)6. Handle capital letters properly:• If the first letter of the English word is capitalized, make itlower case when you append it to the end• Then capitalize the new first letter of the Pig Elvish wordo Tolkien Olcientio Trojan Rojantuo Examples:• a aen• while hilewa• python ythonpë• Quick Uiccqio Extra credit: Complete these two optional stepsITP 115 – Programming in Python p. 2 of 57. Randomly add accents (áéíóú) some vowels§ In order to randomly add accents to vowels in a word, you canuse the random.choice() function (see hint below)§ Examples:• a aén• while hilewá• python ythónpë• quick uíccqí8. Reverse the program and create a Pig Elvish to English translatorfollowing the same general structure.§ Question (include answer in your comments): Is thistranslation complete reversible? That is, can you be guaranteedto be back the original word given only the translated word?Explain• Requirementso Create a program to translate a single word at a time from English into PigElvish§ Important: You are only required to implement steps 1-6 aboveo Using a while loop, first ask the user enter a word in Englisho “Translate” the user’s word into Elvisho Display the word in Elvisho Ask the user if they want to continue§ If yes, ask them for another word to translate§ If no, print a goodbye message in Elvisho Hint #1: Strings have useful methods called isupper()§ someString.isupper() checks whether all the letters in the string areuppercase and returns a Boolean: True if the string is all uppercase,or False otherwise.§ For example,# consider that letter is a stringif letter.isupper() == True:# letter is uppercaseelse:# letter is lowercaseo Hint #2: Stings have another useful method called capitalize()ITP 115 – Programming in Python p. 3 of 5§ anotherString.capitalize() returns a copy of the string with only thefirst letter capitalized§ For example,# consider that letter is a stringcapitalLetter = letter.capitalize()o Hint #3 for Extra Credit: If you have a sequence (e.g. a string) and you wantto randomly select one element from the sequence, you can use therandom.choice() function§ For example,import randommessage = “hello world”letter = random.choice(message)# letter now holds a random character from messageSample Output for Part 1Elcómewó óten heten Igpén Lvísheá ránslátórtë!(Welcome to the Pig Elvish translator!)Please enter a word you would like to translate: gandalf‘gandalf’ in elvish is: andalfgiWould you like to translate another word? (y/n): yPlease enter a word you would like to translate: orc‘orc’ in elvish is: rcoenWould you like to translate another word? (y/n): nOodbyega! Aveha aen icenë ayden!(Goodbye! Have a nice day!)Part 2 – Largest Number• RequirementsITP 115 – Programming in Python p. 4 of 5o Using a while loops, find the largest number that a user enters.o Ask the user to input an integer greater than or equal to 0 or -1 to quit.Input an integer greater than or equal to 0 or -1 to quit:o When the user enters -1, print out the largest number found.o After finding the largest number, ask the user if they would like to findanother largest number, or if they would like to quit.§ Hint: How many while loops do you need to complete this part?Sample Output for Part 2Input an integer greater than or equal to 0 or -1 to quit:&gt; 1&gt; 8&gt; 34&gt; 9&gt; -1The largest number is 34Would you like to find the largest number again? (y/n): yInput an integer greater than or equal to 0 or -1 to quit:&gt; 7&gt; 2&gt; 3&gt; 2&gt; 2&gt; -1The largest number is 7Would you like to find the largest number again? (y/n): nGoodbye!Deliverables and Submission Instructions• Create a folder on your computer calledITP115_a#_lastname_firstname(replace # with this lab number)• Inside the folder, include your python source codeITP 115 – Programming in Python p. 5 of 5• Compress the folder (make a zip file) calledITP115_a#_lastname_firstname.zip(replace # with this assignment number)• Upload zip file to Blackboard site for our course• Assignments that do not run are subject to 50% penaltyGradingItem PointsPart 1: Pig Elvish 15Part 2: Largest Number 10Total* 25* Points will be deducted for poor code style, or improper submission.